Day 13 Day 22 Started revising the java From p...
Day 12 Too much reading without coding is not ...
Day 11 Read about forking Hard fork and Soft f...
The hard work put in by the team in preparing ...
Day 10 Jumped to hash function and read about ...
Day 9 On this day i learnt about symmetric and...
Day 8 This day was characterised by reading ab...
Day 7 Learnt about the alternatives of POW Tho...
Day 6 On my way to learn about the open applic...
Day 5 This day was invested in understanding t...
Day 4 Permissioned blockchains always gave tou...
                                     Thanks Robot
Day 3 Dived deeper into the concepts of how ca...
Day 2 Jumped into bitcoin mining part and the ...
Day 1 The content of the first day focussed on...
Thread 100DaysOfCode under OpenApps The onboar...
The ongoing covid19 has also seen the rise of ...
RT Dem 1 the crypto fundraising scene is crazy...
That phase of the life when I started learning...
When nobody is attending your webinar call goo...
Are you even a cofounder if you are not virtue...
         RT M S Dhoni a great compilation by Coop
                             io This is brilliant
RT Interacting with our bright young minds at ...
                               comment interested
                     RT Das Kapital in a nutshell
Hackout Hackoffv2 0 HackJaipur Last year i sta...
RT Let s clear this misinformation This is com...
RT Also submit this RTI reply from RBI and spe...
I have a joke on my university but it might in...
         Rather twitter will restrict your tweets
                                                 
                                               cc
RT Opportunities in technology also include op...
Thank you for the welcome Happy to be a Tezos ...
So twitter accepts that some of their employee...
Someone hacked twitter account of major person...
Me waiting for Bitcoin price to go over 10 000...
Going to write Machine learning enthusiast in ...
               Has and binance confirmed this yet
Small attempt to show the role of account aggr...
Providing free certificate is like sending fre...
                                        code chef
If you stake matic as a delegator now you will...
                                                 
Sir what s your take on the Comment Interested...
RT 1 9 0 1 111111111111111111111 12 99 0 12 12...
        Coop Amul is on different marketing level
                                     congrats bro
RT Jhaveri With the ban on 59 apps India has c...
Come on we are in the 3rd decade of the 21st c...
                                         congrats
                                                 
If the news regarding paypal introducing crypt...
How I wish someone would scale the network jus...
     Who called it startups and not game of loans
Thank you for considering me for the role of m...
For those people who are worried about yesterd...
2020 innovation INDIA I guess there are more t...
RT Jhaveri A big reason behind Bangalore s suc...
This new fleet feature doesn t give me good in...
                                        wah memer
Libra will bring the flux of crypto users in t...
                                               20
While protest is democratic right there is no ...
RT This Tweet violated the Twitter Rules about...
RT We like to share with you what we ve done s...
RT With MATIC delegation going live in Step 1 ...
After the historic Supreme Court judgement in ...
                 ratna Bitcoin price post halving
RT ratna The case for censorship resistant mon...
RT Twitter comments gt gt gt Original tweet Al...
         This decade will see the growth of matic
So it turned out that the coins which were ina...
What So are we going to know who Satoshi Nakam...
Many are losing their faith in Bitcoin as the ...
RT Bitcoin 2018 DeFi is bullshit 2020 Bitcoin ...
RT 0 Web 3 Power pack guide All the budding De...
Others I am the jack of all ships master of no...
rowling Now waiting for your own wallet whose ...
        Decentralised world is on its way Bitcoin
If you like tech talks more than ted talks the...
I like this idea of issuing the ERC20 tokens a...
             This is huge Tokens MOONS and BRICKS
RT Jhaveri Economic Package for Migrants FREE ...
RT Jhaveri Economic Package for Migrants Big f...
I take back my words Online exams are even big...
RT Jhaveri Update India has now ramped the pro...
First they ignore you Then they laugh at you T...
RT Mainnet is going live The launch sequence s...
ratna Came to know about your journey with and...
Insightful event Found it more interesting bec...
Besides political twitter there is another sid...
Those who question Bitcoin and refuse to accep...
From 12 to 8500 and still going the success st...
This was my first bitcoinhalving The last bloc...
On the first BitcoinHalving in 2012 bitcoin pr...
                                Doesn t look like
         24 hours 164 blocks into Bitcoin halving